(explosions)
(Ryu grunts)
(Alise landing)
- (yelps) That was a close one!
- It appears it was a trap.
But seriously, trying to
bury us alive with bombs?
That's both tacky,
and laughable.
- How the hell did they survive?
Damn you, Astrea
Familia bitches!
Do you have any idea how much
those blaze rocks cost us?
- [Isuka] Well of course we
survived.
In case you forgot, we're
the Astrea Familia.
- Still, that was a pretty huge
explosion.
You must have spent quite a
bit of time planting 'em, huh?
- It's such a pity it was all
for nothing.
- (grunts) Gods damn you all!
- Prepare yourself, Jura.
Your sinister plot ends now, got
that?
- There's no where left for you
to run.
- We're going to finish this
here.
- And you will be answering
for all your crimes.
Every last one of them!
(sword draws)
- Let's put an end to this,
to Evilus, and their reign of
terror!
- (winces) Oh, gimme a damn
break.
There's no way I'm gonna let it
end here.
(Juggernaut screaming)
- Mm?
- What was that?
(Jura groaning)
(creature wailing)
(stone cracking)
(water rushing)
(creatures echoing)
(water gushing)
(stones rumbling)
(eye flashes)
(Neun gasps)
(Juggernaut growling)
(Neun moans)
- No, what is happening?
(dramatic music)
(Asta screams)
(Juggernaut bites)
(Ryu panting)
(Juggernaut snarling)
(Ryu yells)
- Lion, don't!
(Ryu yelling)
(Ryu grunts)
(Ryu sputtering)
- Idiot! (grunts)
(sword falling)
(Kaguya panting)
(Ryu gasps)
(blood splattering)
- Celty, on my mark, open fire!
- Mm!
- Ha--
- Ha!
(energy buzzing)
(energy exploding)
(Ryana & Celty yelping)
(Ryana screaming)
- Celty, no.
Ryana?
(Juggernaut lands)
(Isuka yelping)
(blows landing)
(Isuka screeching)
(Juggernaut snarling)
(Isuka whimpering)
(Isuka screams)
(weapon clattering)
(Marrue panting)
- Marrue!
(Marrue panicking)
(Alise panting)
(Alise yells)
(Alise groans)
(Juggernaut stabbing)
(Alise coughs)
(tail withdrawing)
- Alise, no.
- Stop, you stay back!
(Rudra Familia screaming)
(Alise panting)
- Kaguya, Lion, you okay?
- (grunts) Do we look okay to
you?
Captain, I think you might
need to get your eyes checked.
Poor Lion, physical injuries
aside, she's in shock.
She's in no shape
to fight right now.
(Alise sighs)
- Alise. (whimpering)
I'm sorry, that
thing got me too.
Gods damn it!
I can't see a thing.
(Kaguya shudders)
(Alise sighs)
(Lyla whimpering)
- Forgive me.
Kaguya, Lyla, I need you
to lay down your lives,
because I need us to save Lion.
(Ryu grunts)
- Sure, count me in.
(Ryu panting)
Even though my life is more
important than anyone else's,
I gotta say, if this
is my last fight,
I can't really think of a
better group to go out with.
- Yes, if I die here,
then so be it.
It means the time has
come to make our choice.
But Captain, you
need to survive.
So long as you and
Lady Astrea are alive,
true justice will prevail.
- Not quite, Kaguya.
There's as many types of
justice as there are people.
How do you define justice?
I still don't know the answer
truthfully.
But I do know Lion.
She always does the right thing.
She stays true to her own
justice.
(Ryu whimpering)
Lion, listen.
We need to use your magic.
We need you to kill
that damn thing.
We're going to tear off
its shell, okay?
Stay here, and start chanting.
(Ryu whimpers)
Please, promise me, Lion.
And be sure to make it happen
someday,
those lofty ideals of yours.
(Ryu sobbing)
Bye for now, Lion.
- You make sure
to keep it together.
Live enough for the rest of us.
- I'm giving these to you.
Don't just keep them,
you need to use them.
You understand me, arch rival?
Stay strong out there.
(Juggernaut snarling)
- Now, in the skies of the
distant forest,
to the infinite stars mounted
upon the eternal firmament
to the night (whimpering),
This fool doth entreat, just
once for the the divine
protection
of the star's fire.
(Kaguya grunts)
(Kaguya shrieks)
Grant thy benevolent light to
the one who abandoned thee,
(sobbing) come forth,
wandering wind
my fellow drifter--
- AGALLIS ARVESYNTH!
- [Ryu] Cross the skies,
speed through the wastelands,
race more swiftly
than any other.
(Alise grunting)
Let the light of stardust
occupy me, and strike...
(Alise growls)
(tail stabs)
(Alise shrieks)
my enemy.
(soft music)
(flames bursting)
(Alise yells)
- Arvelia!
(Juggernaut explodes)
(Juggernaut wailing)
(Alise groaning)
(Ryu wails)
Ryu...
- Luminous Wind!
- [Ryu Thinking] A wave
of emotions washed over me.
Devastated by the
loss of my friends,
enraged that I
couldn't finish the job,
confused as to how
it escaped, (Ryu wailing)
and ashamed that I
had somehow survived,
despite bearing the
mark of incompetence.
I was resolved not
to lose my life there.
My friends' death
would have been in vain.
I left, albeit begrudgingly,
to avoid attracting
monsters to the area.
When I returned to the surface,
I couldn't bring myself to
set foot in our Familia home,
because it reminded me of Alise.
Plus, I had no idea what
to say to Lady Astrea.
Once my wounds were healed,
I went back to the 30th floor
to give my friends
a proper burial.
However,
not a single one of
their corpses remained.
They were devoured,
bones and all.
And as for that thing...
I had to find it and fight it.
I was prepared to die,
to avenge my friends,
to be judged for my sins.
(Nordic music)
- What am I supposed to do now?
Tell me, Alise, please.
- [Ryu Thinking] I felt
utterly helpless.
My duty to stay alive,
and my longing for
death blurred together.
It tormented me to no end.
Before long, the pain began
to turn into despicable
thoughts.
- They will pay.
The Rudra Familia, Jura, if
it's the last thing I do.
- [Ryu Thinking] It
wasn't what anyone
would have called justice,
neither a noble cause,
nor an ideal, it was
hatred, pure and simple.
(somber music)
- [Ryu] I'm begging you.
- [Ryu Thinking] I
pleaded with Lady Astrea
to leave Orario,
no questions asked.
My emotions were
dictating my actions,
and I didn't want to
be seen like that.
But most of all,
I wouldn't let anyone
get in the way
of my plan.
- [Astrea] Okay then.
(Astrea walking)
Ryu, you should
give up on justice.
(Ryu gasps)
- [Ryu Thinking] I was
excommunicated
by the goddess of justice.
She didn't resent her blessing,
though that was probably
an act of mercy on her part.
The justice I championed
went up in smoke,
leaving a pitiful pile
of ashes in its place.
That's when the bloodbath began,
people, buildings,
and command posts
with ties to the Rudra
Familia or Evilus.
I didn't give the other
Familias time to intervene.
I destroyed it all,
sneaking in at night,
planning ambushes, laying
traps, no method was beneath me.
Succumbing to my
emotions, I cut down evil,
along with anyone who seemed
suspicious.
Not once did I pause to
consider the consequences.
I was looking for
somewhere to dig my grave.
And then...
- [Man] (gasps) It's Gale Wind!
(blood splatters)
(man sputtering)
- You son of a bitch, Lion!
- Jura, you're going to
pay for what you've done!
(Jura whimpering)
(flames erupting)
- [Ryu Thinking] Everything
after that gets kind of hazy.
Blinded with white hot
rage, I attacked Jura.
I stabbed him over
and over with my blade.
And while he did live,
I wouldn't find that out
until much later on.
- (laughing) Not bad,
little elf.
(Ryu grunts)
Oh, would you go so far as
to murder a god in cold blood?
(chuckling) Oh my,
if looks could kill.
That expression on your face,
it makes me think I ought to
recruit you into my Familia.
(snickering) Ta-ta.
- [Ryu Thinking] I
had exacted my revenge,
and yet somehow, I survived.
(rain pattering)
I wanted to die,
but I couldn't.
I was engulfed by
a vast emptiness.
I felt nothing else.
(Ryu collapses)
Why had I been left alive?
Why had I wielded
all those blades?
Do I go on living, since my
friends sacrificed themselves
for me, or should I die as
punishment for my crimes?
I had no purpose.
I didn't know what to
do with myself anymore.
That was around the time
Syr rescued me,
just like Alise had.
But, I didn't want it this time.
I had yet to be
judged for my sins.
(somber music)
- Ah, my friends!
Kaguya, Lyla, say something!
Neese, Marrue, take me with you!
Ryana, Asta, Neun, Isuka, Celty!
Alise!
Come back, don't leave me alone!
(rubble shifting)
- (grunts) Mr. Cranel.
- Miss Ryu, thank goodness.
(Ryu grunts)
- [Ryu] Where are we?
I remember being surrounded
by monsters in the Colosseum.
The Colosseum's floor was
destroyed by the explosion.
Did we fall through it?
There was a passage
below us this whole time.
- Let's head out, come on.
(winces)
(Ryu gasps)
- Tell me, what was the reason?
Mr. Cranel, why did
you come back for me?
Why didn't you just
leave me behind?
Answer me!
- It's simple really, because
you'd do the same for me.
(Ryu gasps)
- You're wrong,
I wouldn't save you,
even if it meant that I'd--
- That's a lie.
- (gasps) Put me down right now.
Just go away and leave me here.
- I can't.
I refuse, because you'll die.
- Then you're going to die!
I said that's enough,
Mr. Cranel.
Please don't waste any
more of your strength on me
than you already have.
Don't do this,
I'm begging you to stop.
- [Lyla] Lion, live
enough for the rest of us.
- Let me die here with them!
I'm a filthy criminal.
I let my Familia die, and
murdered my dearest friend
with my own two hands.
I was the only one who
walked away with their life.
I let despicable thoughts
consume me, I killed people.
There was no justice in that.
The very thing my friends
risked their lives for
that they trusted me with,
and like Lady Astrea said,
I gave it up.
There's no justice left in me.
I don't deserve to
be rescued by you.
Please believe me.
- Justice, huh?
I don't know all
that much about it.
But, you've given me so
many things Miss Ryu.
That's got to be it,
that's justice.
(Ryu gasps)
You've saved other
adventurer's lives.
Goddess Hestia, Lily, Welf, me.
You've saved my life
countless times.
So truthfully, in my eyes,
you were always the hero,
a righteous champion of justice
who swoops in and
saves us many times.
- No, stop it.
I was still wrong!
I lost control, and tossed
justice aside.
- No one can tell me otherwise.
Not even you, you understand?
(Ryu whimpers)
I don't know much
about the old Miss Ryu.
And maybe, maybe you did make
a few mistakes along the way.
However, the Miss Ryu
I know was always right.
She knew better than everyone.
So, you didn't give it up
or cast it aside, okay?
That justice, it still lives on.
It lives on within
you, in your heart.
- But I do know Lion, she
always does the right thing.
- [Ryu Thinking] Oh, Alise.
- And right now, my justice
is making it home
alive with you.
Is that clear?
I won't ever let you go.
(Ryu whimpers)
- [Ryu] Maybe I can go home,
with Mr. Cranel.
(rocks exploding)
(Bell gasps)
(monster snarling)
- A barbarian!
(Bell grunting)
(impact landing)
- [Ryu] Mr. Cranel!
(Ending Song)
Wake up, wake up! (grunting)
Please say something to me!
No!
Wake up, Bell, please.
(monster snarling)
Speak to me, answer me.
Come on, just wake up.
(Ryu gasps)
(Ryu screams)
(monster explodes)
- Sorry about that, I heard
you calling my name but,
I was trying to lure
the monster in closer.
And...
(Ryu whimpering)
I'm sorry, that
must have been scary.
- One request,
please don't ever do that
to me again, all right?
- (sighs) Okay.
I promise.
Miss Ryu, look there.
(Ryu pants)
- A blue light?
- What is it?
- [Ryu] I'm not sure,
this is the first
time I've seen it.
- Let's check it out.
Is that a river?
- Yes but, a water
source on the 37th floor?
I've never heard anyone
mention anything like that.
It was underneath the
Colosseum the entire time.
I guess, maybe no one
knew it existed,
because everyone steers
clear of the area.
- Either way, we should
take a break (grunts).
(Bell panting)
- Bell!
(water splashing)
Song of a now far away forest,
the comforting melody of life.
Noah Heal.
(magic shimmering)
(water splashes)
It's drinkable, that's good.
Have some, here,
drink up, you need it.
(Bell sips)
Ah.
- (grunts) Miss Ryu?
- Oh Bell, thank goodness.
- [Ryu] Next time, "Day Dream".